---
title: My game
layout: post
author: aidan.john
permalink: /my-game/
source-id: 1rBY8CB6NUtk4BR4lwuEntTDvZZo-CddnWCNtyf_bkW0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My game</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Mr Keen told us to make our ow game so off we went. The first thing we did was a plan, after this we started the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this my game?</td>
    <td>My target was to make a good and working game that was fun and entertaining for the people that play it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did reach my target because my game works and the people that have played it think it is fun.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I used persevering when I didn't know what to do (which was a lot).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used questioning when I had to program the police car, my original idea was to make the police car automatically chase the villain but I did not know how to do this so I decided to make it a two player game and make another player control the police car. I am pleased with this decision and I also thank Louis who helped my decide this. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>When this happened I tried not to ask Mr Keen and I managed to do it by myself except from louis suggestion. Jasper also helped me a lot with my game so a big thank you to him.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on my game and I came back at lunches and at home to make improvements to my game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged with my game and I tried not to mess around.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning would have gone a lot better if I:

Been more realistic with my plan- I should have realised that it would have been hard to program the car.
Known exactly what I was going to do- sometimes I spent time coding something and then I deleted it because i realised that I didn’t need it.
Had done one thing at a time- I was doing one thing and then doing something else to just go back again.

</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will:

Be more realistic with my plan.
Do one thing at a time.
Know exactly what I was going to do.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


